you
I
hi loves I'm here with my first
Valentine's Day look so we're going to
call this the Vixen dark eyed look and
um I was going to start off with the
sweeter softer pink version of it but
I'll do that one next and I'm going out
tonight so I thought that I'd knock it
out because I had to get all dolled up
so might as well some the video and get
it up for you guys I will warn you now
if you are new to my channel I'm still
learning I'm not like a pro when it
comes to smoking out eyes making any
dark I tutorials that is so not me I
don't think I've ever bombed this dark
in a tutorial so bear with me this is
gonna get a little messy because I'm
wearing a whole bunch of a black shadow
on my lids but I'm gonna be buffing it
all out and then we're going to be
wiping it out but I think it's like that
anytime you're using any dark colors or
you're going to be smoking anything out
you have to blend a lot and clean up a
lot of stuff this is more of a look for
you to go out with a husband or a
boyfriend up to like a more fancier
romantic kind of dinner or if you guys
are going out to a club or something so
this is more of that type of a look I
will have a lighter version that you can
wear to work to school or just out if
you're younger just keep in mind this is
very dramatic at least for me it is I
will have that sweeter softer light pink
version up in about a window meanwhile
go ahead and stay tuned and watch how i
came up with this a dark-eyed vixen look
just I'm starting by priming my eyes I'm
going to be using my NYX eyeshadow
primer and I'm going to go ahead and
Prime from the lid all the way up to the
brow bone to make sure everything is
completely covered next I'm just taking
a jumbo pencil you can use any black
jumbo pencil go ahead and put this all
over your lid don't go above the crease
try to stay below it since we are going
to be putting I shadow right over this
it does not have to be perfect but just
make sure that you get the whole bottom
lid area all colored in then I'm just
taking my finger here and I'm just going
to gently just blend it all throughout
the lid just to kind of give it a softer
look next I'm just taking a fluffy brush
along with my sunny bronzer and I'm just
going to blend this into the crease
remember this does not have to be
perfect this is just to wash out the
colors they're going to be transitioning
from one color to the other so this does
not have to be perfect then
taking this NYX eyeshadow this is one of
their new ones it's in the color hot
black you can take any mat make sure
it's a matte shadow no glitter just
completely mad so take any matte shadow
and just place this all over the lid
just Pat it in as you can see it looks
extremely dark and dramatic but don't
worry we're going to soft Annette up
here we're taking the Naked palette and
we're going to be using the color foxy
which is a kind of like a yellowish
toned eyeshadow along with a sad ona
lace EP 09 and I'm just going to be
using this to blend that crease out so
it's not as harsh and i'm using this a
beige color because the highlighter
we're going to be using is kind of like
a champagne yellow color so we're just
going to blend that out back and forth
and like little rainbow motions and just
blend it to your liking once you're done
go ahead and take a q-tip or a makeup
towel and clean this up you can round it
off or make it straight like I kind of
did right there then I'm just taking
that fluffy brush again with no
additional shadow on it just to blend
out the top where that line is just to
make sure everything is blended in
perfectly with no harsh line next I'm
taking this duo fiber brush along with
my physician formula shimmer strip in
the color Riviera strip and I'm just
going to be applying this from the inner
corner to kind of like out all the way
to the other corner of the eye you can
go ahead and darken this as much as you
want I went through it maybe five or six
times but it's totally up to your liking
if you like it brighter than just do it
a couple more times and this is more of
like a yellow pearled highlighter which
I am totally obsessed with then next I'm
taking a clean Sigma blending a 25 and
I'm just going to blend out or buff out
any lines that are at the top of that
crease right below my brow bone then i'm
taking my chanel vitalumiere aqua
foundation which is a sheer to light
coverage foundation and i'm just going
to dot it all over my face and then i'm
going to be using the beauty blender to
blend it in because it gives you more of
a natural kind of like airbrushed look
then of course i'm taking my Rimmel wake
me up concealer and I'm going to conceal
quite a bit today so I'm just going to
start underneath the eye all the way out
towards kind of like going towards my
ear and then I'm just going to be
blending this with my finger to make
sure that I get underneath my eye
because
the Beautyblender does not fit there
sometimes but of course I'm going to be
taking the Beautyblender just to make
sure that if I left any lines with my
fingers that this takes care of it and
blends it in perfectly and seamless
because we want a flawless look next I'm
taking a tapered blending brush I
believe this is my Sedona lace 863 along
with my chocolate soleil by Too Faced
and I'm just going to do a precise
contour and then I'm going to blend it
out with this duo fiber brush because we
do not want it to look too harsh now
then i'm going to go ahead and take max
a Melba with a real technique brush I
think this is the multi task brush and
I'm just going to be applying this on
the apples of my cheeks and then I'm
just going to gently bring it towards
the back to give it a more flushed soft
look and of course i always take a
stipple brush in between different
blushes or highlighters I always stipple
them through then I'm going to be taking
Milan ease luminous which has that
little luminous effect which I'm
obsessed with highlighters and luminous
effects I'm totally obsessed with so I'm
just going to apply that on my cheeks
and then of course I'm going to buff
that out to make sure that the whole
blush thing is on point then I'm going
to be taking this highlighter it is
called Stardust i believe by a sephora
with my fam brush and remember
everything will be listed down below and
i'm just going to put this on my
cheekbones then i'm going to run it down
the bridge of my nose and then of course
i'm going to be applying this on my
Cupid's bow as well and then of course i
always stipple after i highlight as well
then i'm taking some mascara I've
already applied false lashes woohoo for
false lashes so I'm just going to go
ahead and play a little mascara on the
bottom and upper lash and then I'm
setting everything with my model in a
bottle to make sure that that makeup
stays on all night then I'm just going
to go take care of some hair and I'll be
right back next I'm taking a coal liner
this is my Chanel one in black and I'm
just going to line my inner waterline I
do the top and bottom then using the
same color that we used on our lid to
highlight it that pearly yellow color
I'm going to be applying it with a
pencil brush and the inner tear duct of
my eyes you can leave this out or you
can you know go ahead and
by a little to your liking but it just
makes it pop a little more so I just
went ahead and applied it next I'm
taking at this NYX lip primer and I just
went ahead and I primed my lips I think
this is supposed to soft in your lips up
to make sure that whatever you're going
to be a plan on your lips goes on and
blends on perfectly then I'm just going
to line my lips I believe this is my NYX
nude liner I wanted to stay nude with
the lips because we do have very bold
dramatic eyes then next I'm taking this
Milani nude lipstick I believe this is
creamed and nude or new did cream or
something like that but I will have it
listed down below so I'm just going to
gently apply this on my lips and of
course I have to top it off with my
buxom a White Russian I am obsessed with
this stuff I put this over my lipsticks
over my anything pretty much even on
bare lips it looks amazingly gorgeous so
guess we're topping off the lips with
white russian and that is actually going
to complete the makeup now i'm just
going to go ahead and put on some
britney spears fantasy and we are all
set ready to go ladies hope you guys
enjoyed this thanks for watching